At KPMG, our vision is to be the Clear Choice,
which requires that our people are extraordinary,
that our clients see a difference in us,
and that the public trusts us.
This means that we must be recognized for the
reputation we earn based on the integrity of
our people, and the quality of our work.
Independence is critical to achieving our vision.
Rigorously maintaining our independence has
always been fundamental to our values and
allows us to earn and maintain the trust of our
clients, our regulators, and the public at large.
Getting independence right has always been a
critical business imperative; you only have to look
at real-life examples to understand the financial
and reputational damage caused by an individual
or firm getting it wrong.
This training focuses on your personal
independence - investments, loans and other
financial matters. It provides you with the
fundamentals you need to know to fulfill your
professional and personal responsibilities,
and includes reference materials you can access
during and after you’ve completed the training.
Although there’s a lot to know, there are also
many people and resources available to answer
your questions and to help you do the right thing.
When in doubt, consult.
A critical aspect of being a KPMG professional
is keeping your knowledge up-to-date,
so no matter how many times you may have
taken independence training in the past,
you need to keep a fresh perspective on
how independence impacts you personally,
as well as how it impacts KPMG as a firm.
Therefore, I’m asking all of you to take this training seriously and complete it diligently,
training seriously and complete it diligently,
knowing that although it’s just one small part,
it’s an important part that we all need to play in
in helping KPMG to become the Clear Choice.